she seemed he had now there are plenty
more ideas you can do but this is a very
simple one it took up just a few minutes
and I plan to do a little bit more about
sheep since my kids are really into the
Sheep stage for some reason they have a
little cuddle stuffed animal sheep and
they sleep with it all the time they
want to play with it all the time so I
took the advantage to teach them about a
sheep so I found a couple books that I
had all about farm animals so we read
this together this one there's another
one so as you can see you can use any
book you have about the farm you find
your page about sheep we read it
together we use our little play sheep as
little puppets to act out what they do
what they eat how they sleep the babies
feed from their mommies and then we sing
the song what does she give us the sheep
gives us wool the sheep give this wool I
Oh Jo the sheep give this woman the
Sheep give a smilk the Sheep gives milk
I Oh Jerry oh the sheep give a snook you
can make any little teeny watch that's
one used and then for a little toddler
to come up with something to make very
simple we just have these little fluffy
balls or you can use cotton balls if you
don't have these and I just took a
little cardboard box I cut it and here
she picked she put these pegs on the
cardboard box to make our little sheep
fold for a sheep pen we talked about how
at night they all have to go back into
their pen and the sheep counts them one
by one so you practice your counting at
the same time you can talk about the
sheep and their different colors there
different sizes we gave them all little
names and then we put we pretend to be
the shepherd now we put them all in
their sheep pen at night and there we
have our little sheep pen this is also
good for prewriting skills
sensory motor skills pinching and it was
a very fun simple no planning activity
all you need our little pegs and you use
an old cardboard box little Fluffy's or
cotton you read your page together your
books all about sheep and that makes up
for fun little sheep activity next we'll
do some arts and crafts about sheep so
stay tuned for that